the flus hi this is Chris from Gro quest
and this is a gem Hass avocado tree gem
as a result of the intentional breeding
program or efforts at the University of
Riverside and the abbreviation gem
actually stands for one of the people
that was involved in the creation of the
tree gem is a Haws like fruit or it is a
Hass but it turns nice and black and has
also a really good flavor and you can
see is really productive there's already
five seven almost eight avocados on here
that are really nice and it has this
golden speckling on here this tree is
approximately two years old and has been
watered or irrigated with a program that
reduces the pH content that all right
about more than talk about reduces the
pee to the water in helps floor push out
this really beautiful strong growth and
it's also on a root stock that is more
hard water salt tolerant so you don't
have all that burnt foliage tips that
often occur in avocado varieties you can
see again really nice beautiful fruit it
has that it naturally has a the
distinction is that the golden coloring
in their yellow speckling golden
speckling in here and another advantage
is it's a more compact tree than the
traditional Haws and produces crops on a
more even annual basis and that's gem
Hawes